The file "delivery_index.fits" is a binary FITS table that summarizes
the contents of our image atlas. The table contains an entry for each
galaxy that reports which of the six bands are present in the
atlas. It also records some basic parameters of each image - several
noise metrics and quantities related to contamination by stars and
galaxies. For the GALEX data the index records the integration time. A
flag field allows flags to be recorded as strings.

Description of fields:

1) Identified of the galaxy

PGC_NAME : idenifier of the galaxy in the LEDA database

RA_DEG, DEC_DEG, GL_DEG, GB_DEG

Coordinates of the galaxy in Equatorial and Galactic coordinates all
in decimal degrees.

2) Presence of images in the atlas

HAS_BAND for BAND = FUV, NUV, WISE1, WISE2, WISE3, WISE4

Indicates whether an image of this band is included in the atlas (1)
or missing (0). The most common reason for a missing band is lack of
coverage by GALEX.

3) Amount of exposure time for GALEX

TIME_FUV, TIME_NUV

The mean efffective integration time in seconds inside a radius of 2
r25 for the GALEX FUV and NUV bands. This is the sum of the relative
response images used to build the cutout. Value is in seconds.

4) Statistical characterization of area outside the galaxy

These fields describe various statistics applied to the area outside
the galaxy (outside a radius of 2 r25) but still in the image. The
fields are named STATISTIC_BAND with each combination recorded in the
header. The statistics are:

RMS : median absolute deviation-based estimate of the noise, excluding
bright pixels identified in the outlier rejection used to fit the
background. This is our working estimate of instrumental noise, though
it can be contaminated by extended wings of foreground stars and
galaxies at low Galactic latitude.

STD : standard deviation of the area outside the galaxy, including all
pixels. This tends to be dominated by foreground stars and any other
image defects. For most bands STD is much larger than RMS, indicating
the importance of contaminants to the statistics in the image. Note
that the distribution of intensities 

REJ : this is the fraction of pixels rejected as outliers during the
background fit. It can serve as a diagnostic of the amount of
foreground contamination in the image.

MAX : this is the maximum intensity in the image outside the
galaxy. It can serve as a diagnostic of the presence of a
bright contaminating source.

5) Flags

These are string fields for each band indicating special properties of
the image (usually pathologies). These are not implemented in the
current version of the atlas, but a flag key will be kept here in the
future.
